Added new kb article gantt-kb-tooltip-access-model-fields (#2169)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/gantt-kb-tooltip-access-model-fields.md

---
title: Access Model Fields in the Gantt Timeline Tooltip
description: How to access and display fields from the model in the Tooltip of the Gantt Timeline?
type: how-to

> page_title: How to Display Model Fields in Gantt Tooltip?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: How to Display Model Fields in the Gantt Tooltip?
```

slug: gantt-kb-tooltip-access-model-fields
tags: gantt, blazor, tooltip, tooltiptemplate, model, fields
res_type: kb
ticketid: 1653280
---

## Environment
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>Product</td>
			<td>Gantt for Blazor</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

## Description

I want to access and display model fields in the Gantt Timeline Tooltip. In the [`TooltipTemplate`]({%slug gantt-tooltip-template%}) I can access some of the model fields, which [match the properties of a Gantt Tree item]({%slug gantt-data-binding-overview%}#data-bindings). But how to access and show all model fields?

## Solution

You can access and display all fields of the model in the [Gantt Timeline `TooltipTemplate`]({%slug gantt-tooltip-template%}). Follow these steps:

> 1. Cast the `TooltipTemplate` context to `TooltipTemplateContext`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Cast the `TooltipTemplate` `context to` `TooltipTemplateContext`.
```

> 2. Use the [available properties of the `TooltipTemplateContext`](https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.TooltipTemplateContext) to find the model instance from the Gantt data collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Use the [available properties of the `TooltipTemplateContext`](https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.TooltipTemplateContext) to find the data item in the Gantt data collection.
```
